# Exercise 2

## Tasks

1. Implement the [`CodePeg`](../src/Game/CodePeg.php) class.

    Implement it test-first with tests written in [`CodePegTest`](../tests/Game/CodePegTest.php).

    Behaviour to implement on `CodePeg`:

    * it can be cast to string
    * `equals()` returns true if two pegs are of the same colour
    * `equals()` returns false if two pegs are of a different colour
    * it throws an UnknownColourException if initialized with an unsupported colour (define supported colours in a class constant)

    If you feel like there's anything missing on the list, just add it.
    You'll often find yourself discovering missing behaviours while writing tests or making them pass.
    It's good to maintain a "test list", so you don't get distracted and could focus on the task at hand.

    Follow the process:

    1. Choose a test case (behaviour) to implement.
    2. Write down the test case in a new method of the test class (`CodePegTest` in this case).
    
       Try to keep it concise and readable. Treat it as an example of behaviour you're implementing.
       
    3. Run tests to see the new test failing:

        ```bash
        ./vendor/bin/phpunit
        ```

    4. Add just enough code to make the error message go away or to make the test pass.

       For example, if the error message says the class doesn't exist, create it and run the tests again.
       If the error message says the method doesn't exist, create it and run the tests again.
       If the failure message says the expected value is different to the actual one, write just enough code
       to make the test pass.

       Listen to your tests and only write enough code to get the error or failure go away.

    5. Refactor.

       As soon as you get the test to pass, look if you can improve the code (design), without changing its behaviour
       (without adding any new features too).

    6. Repeat steps 1-5 until done.

3. Implement the [`Code`](../src/Game/Code.php) class.
   
    Drive the implementation with tests written in [`CodeTest`](../tests/Game/CodeTest.php).

    This will require you to follow similar steps to the previous exercise.

    Behaviours to cover:

    * it is created from a string of code pegs
    * it is created from an array of code peg strings
    * `exactHist()` counts colour and position hits
    * `colourHits()` counts colour only hits
    * `length()` returns the number of pegs

    The `exactHits()` method should count pegs that are placed on the right position.

    The `colourHits()` method should count colours that exist in the code, but are placed on a wrong position.
    This method should exclude colours placed on right positions.

    Refer to [Behat examples](../features/playing_mastermind.feature) when in doubt.

4. Implement the [`GameUuid`](../src/Game/GameUuid.php) class.

    Drive the implementation with tests written in [`GameUuidTest`](../tests/Game/GameUuidTest.php).

    Behaviours to cover:
    
    * `generated()` generates a new `GameUuid` instance
    * `existing()` creates a `GameUuid` instance from an existing uuid

5. Implement the [`Feedback`](../src/Game/Feedback.php) class.

    Drive the implementation with tests written in [`FeedbackTest`](../tests/Game/FeedbackTest.php).

    Behaviour to implement:
    
    * it exposes the guess code, exact and colour hits
